c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.exe
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.deps.json
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.dll
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.pdb
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.WebAppMVC.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.WebAppMVC.props
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.WebAppMVC.props
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.WebAppMVC.props
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\WebAppMVC.styles.css
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\WebAppMVC.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.dll
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\WebAppMVC.dll
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.pdb
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppMVC.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Pasca\Code\Software-Language-2B\College 1\WebAppMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\WebAppMVC.dll
